[Music]
despite the passing of the Polish
resettlement act the West country is
witnessing a growing number of
unexplained suicides Wars a terrible
thing and many income there's no story
or if it's not suicide I was wondering
if you'd like to comment on the suicide
of another Polish soldier yesterday mr.
Underwood it's always most distressing
the proud man loses all hope and why
would that be cut off because we all
seem to forgotten that in 1939 the
Soviet Union invaded Poland in alliance
with the Nazis and with the same intent
to wipe Poland from the map
why would a Russian after the diaries
letters and personal effects of a young
Polish goodell biscuit explain the
suicides it was the Germans yeah but you
know that's not true not sure how much
faith I have in big story because if
what the Polish kernel says is true you
have no proof I was there when the Vista
come
where was this forest which you want is
all very hush-hush and address and a man
is Steven in danger he tracked you into
all those Normie
careful I want to help
no mr. Underwood do you want a story
[Music]